When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

I would want to use a remote repository when I am working away from my local pc. 
This would allow me to access my files on different computers.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

I would want to pull changes manually because this would allow me to only pull when important changes have been made.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A fork is when you 'clone/copy' somebody else's repository on GitHub. 
A clone is when you 'clone/copy' a repository from YOUR own GitHub repository (remote) to a local computer, or from one local computer to another. 
Branch happens on a single repository. 


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

The benefit of this is that when offline, for example, you can track changes that you have made since you were last online (git log) and see the differences. You can keep track of how far ahead you are (or perhaps behind?), for example You can then later merge the repositories.


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Without Git or GitHub collaboration would be based on messaging whenever something had been changed. 
The advantage of this would be that you would know instantly whenever a change had been made.
However, the disadvantage would be that it would not be as efficient as you would have to wait for someone to make some changes before you start making your own, etc.


When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

This part is a bit confusing. However, I suppose I would want to make changes in a separate branch when I'm working on something which hasn't been finalised yet, while keeping the master intact as it were (But won't this affect master code!? or only adds commits to timeline??)